Update oracle-database-support.md (#126822)
Azure/azure-content: articles/oracle/oracle-db/oracle-database-support.md

This article outlines the support scope, contact details, and procedures for both Oracle and Microsoft Azure, helping you quickly address any issues.

## Microsoft and Oracle offer a co-support model to address mutual customer support issues. This means that: 

> 1. Customers must have valid licenses, subscriptions, and support agreements with both companies, Microsoft and Oracle. 
> 
> 2. Microsoft will fulfill the Service Level Agreements (SLAs) related to the end customer support subscription as specified [Azure Support Plans Comparison | Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/plans/?msockid=110758d171736489214157b970c0653d).  
> 
> 3. Customers are always advised to go to Oracle first for any support issues. The customer may be required to open support tickets with either company to initiate collaboration. Azure Support tickets can be filed via the [Azure Portal](https://portal.Azure.com). If you need additional guidance on filing Azure Support tickets, please review [How to create an Azure support request - Azure supportability | Microsoft Learn](/azure/azure-portal/supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request).
> 
> 4. Customer consent is required to exchange case data complying with Microsoft & Oracle privacy policies. 
> 
> 5. Both Microsoft and Oracle will jointly troubleshoot the issue until the root cause is identified, and a solution is provided. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Customers must have valid licenses, subscriptions, and support agreements with both companies, Microsoft and Oracle. 
- Microsoft will fulfill the Service Level Agreements (SLAs) related to the end customer support subscription as specified in [Azure Support Plans Comparison | Microsoft Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/plans/?msockid=110758d171736489214157b970c0653d).  
- Customers are always advised to go to Oracle first for any support issues. The customer may be required to open support tickets with either company to initiate collaboration. Azure Support tickets can be filed via the [Azure portal](https://portal.Azure.com). If you need additional guidance on filing Azure Support tickets, please review [How to create an Azure support request - Azure supportability | Microsoft Learn](/azure/azure-portal/supportability/how-to-create-azure-support-request).
- Customer consent is required to exchange case data complying with Microsoft & Oracle privacy policies. 
- Both Microsoft and Oracle will jointly troubleshoot the issue until the root cause is identified, and a solution is provided. 
```
